One problem at a time. This machine holds more importance than a meeting place with a trade contact, Griz responded. 
Should we contact our man in the docks? the scavenger inquired.
It is to soon to move it into the city, Griz started to cut through the ash towards the tank. Their long legs carrier them closer and closer to Storm's Fury and brought their mind closer to deciding on their next steps, but we have no choice. We will have to move up our timeline.
Are you sure we are ready? the scavenger questioned as they rushed to keep up with the larger Griz. Griz let the silence carry for two long strides as they contemplated a response. 
No, but it is what needs done, they murmured to the scavenger as they arrived at Storm's fury. A dozen other scavengers loitered about the war machine. Griz cleared their throat and started to issue commands, I need someone to inform our contact in the Arial Dockyards we need a dirigible to transport Storm's Fury into the city. Another is to inform our units in the Cliffside Inn to expect us, and they are to set up a meeting with Iberion in the inn. We are moving to the next phase, so we will need more Potentia Crystals. The rest of you will scavenge for goods that can be used in exchange for the crystals. Be ready to arrive in the City of Chains in 12 hours and be ready to begin its liberation in 10 days. 
The grime covered scavengers let out whoops of joy and began moving with an intensity only the promise of revolution could instill. Each of those who worked with Griz wanted the same thing: to overthrow the Aetr and the ruling council so the people of the city could thrive and have better lives. Their goal was to help the people by toppling the government, and now the long years of preparation where finally beginning to accumulate into the next phase. 
Vulture, the scavenger asked, what is the next phase? You and the other leaders have kept the plan secret, so we don't really know what it is. The rabble quieted down and the wind even seemed to hold its breath, waiting for Griz's answer.
You have heard of the shadow and the raven? Griz started. Nods of acknowledgement and shakes of the head rippled through the gathering, They are why we have not shared the next phase. The shadow is an elf, we believe their name to be Penelo Ulagella, who served as an enforcer and mercenary in the Summit Guard. Rumors say that they killed Alinar Perwean. 
Sounds like a hero if you ask me, one of the scavengers stated. 
Exactly, Griz responded, It would be a perfect setup for a loyal Aetr member to infiltrate our ranks and serve as a spy. The convenient death of Alinar and rumors of the shadow's involvement would make us trust them, and let them in. The shadow is far less of a threat then the raven.
The raven's a myth, a cautionary tale. No such man exists, the skeptical scavenger countered. 
Oh, but they do, Griz responded. They pointed to a jagged scar on their bald head before continuing, I've run into the raven before. He almost got me to. He came out of nowhere and attacked before blending into the crowd once more. All those accidental deaths of resistance members in the city are his doing. Reports tell of a small man with raven hair at each accident location. It is no coincidence. He has infiltrated the organization several times, and it has cost us dearly. For these reasons, we do not share our plans. You will soon learn of the plans first had, for the next phase will start in less than 10 days.
Since again the simulation completed with no errors, there were no issues with the simulated memory stage implementation. Finally, the a post-implementation simulation was performed to gauge how the memory stage might perform in the real world. This simulation is presented in. In conclusion, the memory and writeback stages of the MIPS processor were successfully implemented using reference Verilog files and various simulation techniques. These stages offer memory to the system and redirect signals back into previous stages of the system, tying the results computed by previous units together. /par For this exercise, Verilog code for the data memory and writeback stage was provided to be translated into VHDL code. 
/par The Verilog code for data memory described a rising edge triggered memory with words of storage space and two special addresses. Addresses and were dedicated to reading memory mapped switches and writing to the seven segment display respectively. As a result, Address 1022 cannot be written to, and address 1023 cannot be read from in any meaningful way. 
/par The writeback stage was much simpler, describes as most of the signals from previous stages propagated through, with two of the signals chosen as feedback Result. In a MIPS processor the final two stages, memory and writeback, tie the results computed by previous units together. The purpose of the memory stage is to offer memory to the system which can be used for longer term storage/loading, and the writeback stage redirects several signals back into previous stages of the system. These stages were created by converting reference Verilog files into VHDL, and simulating them with various simulation techniques. These simulations showed the implementation of these stages to be successful. The integrated circuit IC is a dual four to one line multiplexer. In this exercise, a dataflow, behavioral, and structural architecture was designed for the IC in VHDL. The logic circuit diagram was first analyzed to gain understanding of the functionality of the IC. Then, each architecture was implemented in VHDL, and given different simulated propagation times. Finally, each architecture was simulated with various inputs, and the results were checked to verify that each implementation was successful.
Will is the substance of human existence - the force that allows for control over the behavior and thoughts of the self.
Every event that has occurred or shall ever occur in the universe is only a result of an action preceding it. Anything in the universe which appears to be chaotic - brain activity, for example - is really just incomprehensibly complex. When results vary, so too always must the variables influencing those results.
In an ideal situation in which all variables were 100% controlled - an admittedly impossible occurrence in light of the fact that the unreproducible factors of time and space must themselves be considered variables which affect outcomes - the results would not vary in the slightest.
Actions (in humans) result from decisions;.
which result from electrical muscular impulses;.
which are sent for the most part from the neural network along the spine;.
which takes its chemical orders from the brain;.
which is a complex but completely material, electrochemical organ like any other.
Decisionmaking in the brain is a function of data processing. Input (data) is received by the brain from sensory organs, mechanically encoded in chemical messages, then processed by the complex binary neural network. The resultant thoughts, decisions and actions are all output of this neurochemical process, which is not magical, not unexplainable, and certainly not the result of some ethereal influence which could be called "will." And although the thoughts and decisions rendered by these neurochemical processes are not entirely predictable, this unpredictability stems only from our current lack of detailed knowledge of the neurochemical processes of the organ itself, rather than from force ("will") whose existence is not supported by the evidence.
Not only is there not any evidence that will exists, but moreover, there isn't even a need to introduce "will" into the explanation of human thought, decision-making and behavior.
Diabetic retinopathy is the leading cause of blindness among working-age adults, and tens of millions are affected around the world by this disease; many undiagnosed. In developing countries, access to the usual expensive tools to diagnose diabetic retinopathy is limited or nonexistent. On the other hand, smartphone technology is cheap and available nearly everywhere. In this work, we developed specialized smartphone software and hardware to screen for diabetic retinopathy through the development of an image-processing algorithm, smartphone application, and attachment. We used Residual Networks coupled with the cyclic pooling technique for data refinement to train on 35,126 retinal images. Following 161 epochs of training, we were able to diagnose diabetic retinopathy with an accuracy of 78.1% with a resulting area of 0.752 under the ROC curve. We coded an app to facilitate the communications between user and algorithm, housed in a server and added photo functionality. Finally, we were able to design and 3D print an attachment that enables a smartphone to take retinal images. These results demonstrate that the Eyeagnosis system is capable of assisting doctors to diagnose diabetic retinopathy in the field. .
1 Introduction .
Diabetes mellitus, a condition characterized by high blood sugar from the loss of functional insulin, is the eighth leading cause of death in the world [1] and affects 415 million people worldwide [1]. Also, as blindness is a major complications of diabetes, it is one of the leading causes of blindness around the world and the leading cause of blindness among working-age adults [1]. Despite these figures, around the world, as many as half of the cases of diabetes remain undiagnosed, most of whom reside in developing countries [1]. Thus, a tool that could identify those with diabetic retinopathy, or DR, would serve not only as a tool to improve eyesight through early detection and treatment but would also prompt previously undiagnosed diabetics to receive treatment.
There are a wide variety of questions and answers on SO concerning detecting a single keypress or about detecting single character input, such as this one or this one, which both use some form of getch. I ve looked at the python curses library, and from what I can tell the primary form of key detection is also in the form of single character getch. But these do not detect the length of keypress Code the loop using GOTO, and for each iteration use SET X X to add yet another sign to an environment variable X; and to exit the loop, compare the value of with a string of or signs.